Update 02-notebooks-as-jats.md (#3)
curvenote/notebooks-in-publishing: 02-notebooks-as-jats.md

The goal of this article is to recommend community standards for representing Notebooks as [JATS](https://jats.nlm.nih.gov). As discussed in [approach](./approach.md), the notebook can either be the main document of a JATS `article` or as a `sub-article`, which is more appropriate for authors who create figures in different notebooks today, and reference the figures created in those notebooks in the main document.

We propose that all referenced notebooks be represented as:

> - A rendering of the notebook, including source code, as a JATS `sub-article` of the main the JATS article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A rendering of the notebook, including code and markdown cells, as a JATS `sub-article` of the main the JATS article.
```

Reviewer: I think this is slightly clearer that the "source code" libraries are not included in the JATS, but the "source code" of the code cells is.
